internet good morning my name is Maxine
welcome to another Wi-Fi battle this
morning against Parker headed at my
stream as I do I'm let me shooting
Rockland but I my team is a little more
random his also a little more random
which I'm a big big fan of you got three
steel types for total book on weak to
fire but that big flash fire possibility
with houndoom and I have Vivian they
pour you on greninja flag on Victini and
registeel and I'm a big actually big
feminist match if I can get that
houndoom out of the way that Victini is
gonna put in a lot of work it's just
kind of like I to avoid gotta try to
stay away from the victory but it does
video could get 300 325 likes there will
be another Wi-Fi battle going up
tomorrow so we can get that goal that
would be fantastic i do it mostly from
my own says my own sense of people are
enjoying this and you know the kitten
goals i'm very goal-oriented person but
obviously i don't really know and really
I'm not leaving vivillon clearly because
it only works when there's three and
three and you can attempt to sleep but
no then I decided well I'm just gonna do
it anyway I really didn't want it for
the longest time but I decided you know
what let's just hope for the best and
see what what work Vivian can put in in
the match and he's gonna gonna go ahead
and switch out and go into the exact
counter for me which I totally forgot
it's registeel it's not gonna take a lot
of stuff for me holy crap that is the
worst placement for that of all time so
I'm gonna go ahead and get a special
aquiver dance up I'm just gonna push out
I don't want to deal with getting gonna
wait I don't deal with getting Stone
Edge rocks lid so I just go into flygon
to take both that and I'm now gonna go
for the earthquake and I really thought
that was gonna do a little more uh I
hoping he'd be more like special
defensives I know I know registeel can
be so defensive but he was defensive but
either way he's got a switch I don't
even wanna think if he has a perfect
actually perfect counter or perfect wall
before my flag on that is that is
tangrowth which takes absolutely nothing
from that flag on so I got a pic we
gotta switch now so go back into the V
on case he wants to lead to see me or
maybe sleep powder me either way I I
don't know I he's just not he just not
gonna be doing anything right now but
vivillon he's gonna go back now into his
uh he's going
go back into his jirachi take the
hurricane which is gonna resist and
that's not gonna do a damaged at all
it's exactly nothing amazon quivered and
hope for the best hope you can say sleep
with a walk and to start putting in some
work and you don't get that quiver
dancing he's gonna say it sleeps
Oliviana a chance has a chance to do
something to do something let's go for
the bugs but i kind of thought I plus 1
bugless could do more it doesn't he
still asleep so luckily i'm gonna be
able to fire off another bug bud and
then i'm gonna be in my brain able to
take out this DRA to you but he is gonna
switch out he's not gonna want to stay
in gonna go into that steelix and i'm
gonna go and go for a bug buzz and it's
gonna do laughable damage laughable I
just kind of chalk up if you had two
dead because uh yeah i miss my move
anyway so he's gonna fun await me it's
not gonna make much of difference after
i miss with cow bow ties why wouldn't i
miss me I mean I guess he missile each
seat so it's tiny even but he's into her
yard and that's back when take me I'm
gonna go for hurricane so if I had hit
that first hurricane who knows where I
would be right now I I wouldn't have
killed him register was a
literally a tank literally he's like
he's like uh sea dragon tank I think it
looks a little red juicy Liz you get the
pain so we I am gonna go into
vaporeon and I took us the best option
that I have and I'm hoping for the burn
or just kill him if I don't burn him I
don't get either of those and you get to
talk to cough on me so that's kind of
unfortunate I my fav poor Ian's kind of
had his longevity compromised V with the
toxic images I can't stay in their wall
things all day like my original plan was
to do with vaporeon so that's that's
good go for the skull I can I get a burn
or a kill or something now I get the
burn so I guess that's nice so his
Ironheads now gonna doing even less
damage that did that denied the iron
head did nine damage I got it was like a
plus five after leftovers so of it that
toxic if I wasn't toxic this would be a
really good situation for me but there
was not easy pouring it seems to get
toxic it is unfortunate omelets with
jocks I know he's gonna die anyway
something go in a fog on and hope that
you know just to get a switch advantage
sort of like I was like mean hopefully
make him going to tangrowth
you turn out in the making but some
solid am denied anger that he's finally
dead register goes down but he crippled
a lot even took out viviani he boise
toxic duh he toxic the UH a friend he
actually lures me into an earthquake
with a withdraw Chi which is a nice move
I should have just gone for the the
u-turn that would've been a much better
play like holistically speaking they
live in a much much better plan a
situation but I go my own registeel now
you all know brenda steele and he's
gonna go to knock off and gonna get rid
of my item which so my leftovers are
gone so i was she's gonna find a way of
him to make it maybe get some para hacks
and they can use that to help you know
uh help you to get rid of this guy and
now he's got leftovers coming back now
and get leech seed coming back you're
gonna regenerate her anyway so this
tangrowth is not gonna die for
anything it's not I gotta go in a flag
on my own things and he's leave seed
again that was kind of what I assume
that he just goes for knock off again
I'm I switched my scarf is gone which
isn't the worst thing in the world cuz
I'm kind of fashion all this stuff now
so good for you turned I really thought
that would do more anyway you and like
it I get it's not stabbed but it's still
super back you that didn't you for
damage go into vaporeon hoping that you
wouldn't lead to see me and just go to
the giga drain and I'm like well that's
thought you might have had power whip
and he gets a crit anyway so uh
unfortunately the important is gonna go
down which actually is the worst thing
in the world oh I'm gonna be going down
to one more turn still working the world
cuz I'm gonna able to get one more dying
wish off that is just vapeur he owns the
last hope and dream is his wish as you
gonna go down this turn I'm gonna be
able to get something next turn back at
full HP and just got to hope to god I
can use that to just run a train
wanna run a I was gonna say Rana caboose
but they'll just be a lot less intensive
going into greninja and I had my last
option it is unfortunately physical go
ninja if I had special immigrant India
with ice beam that tangrowth would not
have been an issue in the slightest you
cannot make a sub he's far too weak the
wish comes true it unfortunately I
couldn't we make any real use of that I
guess I got back at full that's that's
nice I go for one more power punch time
just from that you know
I can get the highs I'm trying as high
as possible fats and growth i know it's
physical tank it's like
plus for your plus forced first but
anyways that's how she gets a special
adventure a plus for i got a great
special offense drop mr. hurricane
unfortunate but my plus three right now
i'm thinking maybe a plus three nights /
can put in some work against that
against I've tangrowth he goes in a
Durant I'm thinking this has gotta do
you don't resist this anymore this is
just straight neutral and it's so close
if that took him out this ballgame would
have been so much different Eve orcs ago
sounds on life were like that would have
been so much different but it got
Victini left he's gonna go into fluffy
and I was hoping a brick break could do
a lot of work I am a salt vessel I
thought I could possibly live a mega
houndoom dark pulse but I'm going for
the Brick Break hoping to put something
in some work in that direction and brick
break is gonna you know not kill him and
his dark pulse is going to kill me so
well that didn't work out from the other
and then we go to registeel the dying or
the final hope for my team registeel and
he's gonna flame throwing me i'm
actually not gonna die tube and
registers gonna be able to take out a
mega houndoom some we're gonna add
register to the kill list and I'll
regrettably he's got more Pokemon ID
left he goes into all a's that's his
medicham and it's probably because
that's definitely a racist joke about
Asians and registeel gonna go down so uh
I feel like if I got the Durant with
registeel or with her enjoy him a lot
different of a game but unfortunately it
wasn't the scarf mega so i cannot i
would speed him anymore and forks let go
down so rate comment stuff i guess and
i'll see you guys next time later days